I took advantage of the situation to please the emperor and sent a booklet to save my life in the palace
Why did you suddenly let me sleep?
Mammy Empress is already waiting for you to bathe and change your clothes at Qianyu Shop.
Mirror for me
What are you doing
I am infected with evil purity
Yuck
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Ah, I, I, ah, ah!
I can still eat chicken
Ah, Empress, I'm afraid this girl doesn't have that blessing
Hey, this, this, what's going on, this, oh, let's go, let's go, let's go
Quick quick empress
suffering from a serious illness
cough and vomiting blood
Your Majesty, do you want to turn over the brand again?
Don't have to
Buyer Cold Palace
Go to Taiyi Hospital and call Taiyi Liquid
Yes, I'd like to see it
What was it about that woman that was so sick?